Preparing batter

1. In a bowl take 2 tablespoons cornstarch and 3 tablespoons maida (all purpose flour).

2. Next add ½ teaspoon ginger paste and ½ teaspoon garlic paste.

3. 3. Now add ¼ teaspoon crushed black pepper or black pepper powder and ¼ teaspoon Kashmiri red chilli powder.
 Also season with salt as required.

 4. Then add ¼ cup water or add as required. With a wired whisk or a spoon mix very well to get a smooth 
  without any lumps.The batter is of medium consistency.

  5. Now add paneer cubes in the batter. With a spoon gently coat the paneer cubes with the batter.

 Frying Paneer

1. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a frying pan. I have pan fried the paneer cubes. You can also deep fry them. 

2. Once one side is done, flip it and fry the other side. Flip a couple of times and fry till the paneer cubes
 are crisp and golden. Also do not over do the frying as then the paneer cubes can become hard.

 3. Remove the fried paneer cubes and place them on kitchen paper towels for the extra oil to be absorbed.

 Stir Frying

1. In the same pan, there will be some oil left. So no need to add any extra oil.
 Add 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic
  and 2 to 3 green chillies (slit or sliced).

  2. Stir fry on medium to high flame for some seconds.

  3. Then add ⅓ cup chopped spring onions. Stir fry spring onions for 1 to 2 minutes on medium to high flame.

  4. Next add ½ cup sliced capsicum.

  6. Stir fry on medium to high flame for 3 to 4 minutes. The capsicum only needs to slightly cooked.

 7. Lower the flame and then add ½ teaspoon Kashmiri red chilli powder.

  8. Then add 2 teaspoons soy sauce.

 9. Next add 1 teaspoon red chilli sauce.

 10. Stir and mix the sauces and red chilli powder with the remaining stir fried ingredients.

 11. Add ½ to ⅔ cup water.

12. Mix well.

13. Let the mixture come to a simmer on medium to medium-high flame.

14. Take 1 tablespoon cornstarch in a small bowl.

15. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons water for dissolving corn starch. Corn starch is known as corn flour in India.

16. Mix very well to get a smooth paste.

17. Lower the flame and then add this corn starch paste to the gravy.

18. As soon as you add, mix the paste very well so that no lumps are formed.

9. Add ½ to 1 teaspoon sugar or as required.

20. Season with salt as per taste. Do keep a check on salt as soy sauce and red chilli sauce
 already have salt in them.

 21. Mix very well and simmer till the sauce has slightly thickened and the corn starch has cooked.
  You can check the taste and you should not feel any raw taste coming from the corn starch.

  22. Add the fried paneer cubes.

  23. Mix paneer cubes very well with the gravy.

  24. Switch off the flame and then add ¼ to ½ teaspoon rice vinegar or white vinegar.
   You can skip vinegar if you want.

  25. Then add about 2 to 3 tablespoons of chopped spring onions greens. mix very well. 
  Check the taste and if you want, you can add more soy sauce, chilli sauce, salt, black pepper or sugar.
  
  26. Serve chilli paneer restaurant style garnished with some spring onions.
   You can serve it with any Indo Chinese rice recipe.

   Chilli paneer also goes well as a side dish with veg pulao or jeera rice. 
   You can also have paneer chilli with plain paratha or pudina paratha or naan or roti.

